- Entry One:
    I have constructed the main set up of the board and pressing each square causes an X to appear
    I was having trouble getting Ubuntu to work with my GitHub but I seem to have figured out how to
    run my most recent commit on it. I've learned I have to use git log to check to hash of the recent commit
    then I have to do git checkout <hash> then I'm able to do ./helper dev to run the program.
    I'm familiar with the concepts of React thanks to the tutorial so following the tic-tac-toe guide is
    fairly simple. Each square is a button and once clicked it changes the value of the array and what
    pops up. The function Square deals with the grouping of buttons and handleClick function determines
    what pops up on the squares once clicked.

- Entry Two:
    I've made it so clicking the squares alternates whether it is a X showing or a O showing by utilizing the
    the handleClick function where i is a boolean and if xIsNext is false then it sets the next square to be 0.
    I've added the calculateWinner function where it does such that, calculates the winner of the tic tac toe game
    by using an array where it calculates the different positionings to see if they line up to three in a row.

- Entry Three:
    I've completed the guidelines of the assignment. Square is a button and displays either an X or a C by using onSquareClick. Board
    is where square is being clicked, placing the symbols of X or O for the players while only allowing three moves. Once the three
    moves are up, then the symbol can be clicked on to move to an adjacent square while also checking for the validity of those squares. It
    also shows the game status where it will display the next players turn being X or O and or shows who the winner is. The handleClick function
    is when a square is clicked it determines the placement of the symbols, which symbol is chosen by the player, allowing for movement of said
    piece and it has the rules implemented where it can't move to squares that already have symbols. The Game area has the full history of the
    time travel elements, it tracks the current move and builds the move history where it allows the player to jump back to earlier places
    in the game, just what was in the tutorial. the handlePlay function updates the game history when a symbol is place and it cuts off
    any moves that was performed in the future if the player clicked to go back to a previous step in the game so it updates what
    the current move is and resets. The jumpTo function is the time travel where it jumps to a previous version of the game. calculateWinner
    is where it checks all possible winning combinations and returns the winner if the game is over, just like the tutorial.